hey guys so it's in here I was asked by
number people to do make a video with
some more gameplay footage so I got
together here with some of our alpha
testers and here we are we're doing a
little party thing so as you can see by
my skill bar down there I'm kind of the
nuker caster and we have a ranger Jessie
one there mr. blinky over there the
quack tastic for is kind of our he was
supposed to be our Dark Mage hence the
teleporting but our cleric left so he's
also our healer and wall cats over there
was supposed to be our acts warrior but
our tank left to so she's also doubling
the tank alright so we got some Panthers
here these guys are pretty aggressive so
we have to be kind of careful because
we're very frail and then so as you can
see with Michael explosion there I'm a
pretty big new girl I can one-shot them
but they will pretty much decimate me
jessie is also pretty frail but he does
a lot of damage with the bow you can see
the nick both these guys here and boom
there they go they're gone alright so
cracked a stick ponies to get on that
the hill in there we go alright so or
whatever i guess don't pick up that gold
all right so he's bluffing himself over
there and try these penciler these are
all 55 so we need to be a little
but the one shots are nice I think I'm
gonna miss and nope Hagrid perfect so
it's kind of nice the bow has a really
long range just you can pull these uh
these mobs out and oh okay there we
go that was close you'll be just done
but yeah these Panthers are very
aggressive and they respond very fast we
stand in this area for much longer
they're gonna respond us again and we're
going to get on just like that we need
to get at luckily I had just enough mana
all right so what as saying is the
Rangers that the range is really long on
there and we a go to another one or a
series I'm going to get out of these
Panther pits yeah the Panthers are there
kind of nice because if you have a good
day a week you could form a lot of them
at once because they they pack up a lot
they the group together but they also
respond very fast and they move very
fast and I'm just need to grab this and
get out of here a level of real quick
first so i put my points in the wisdom
that ups my magic damage but not just
like I said they are on me again I have
no mana someone better save me I get him
there we go alright felt yeah so as you
can see over here the group up a lot and
they the respawn very fast they move
very fast and they aggro you forever so
we have to be very careful but if you do
it right you get a lot of experience
from them so it's nice because we're not
going
group that's too big in the few
high-level they would own it but Jesse
can pick off or agro individual ones
from a group with the the long range
that his boat has and then either our
tank can take it from there or I can
just blow them up so it's kind of nice
I'm gonna build pick one up here soon
I'm Rick figure to catch up
now we'll just get too many of them
right there our spawn point so right now
in the alpha test you can set your spawn
point wherever you want and when you die
that's where you teleport but our spawn
point is kind of about 20 minutes out so
we do not want to die right now and he
likes to show off his teleporting all
right so see what we can find out here
all right Lou see two of them would take
that bull is good very powerful new I
got there he's a little 56 but as you
can see I'm I'm level 37 so I've had
quite a few skill points but I only have
two skills and that's because you have
the option ensemble you can either
upgrade new skills from the skill tree
or you can keep upgrading the existing
skills and level them up making me
stronger so my fireball nuke skill they
are burning I've been upgrading that so
it's pretty much one shots two giant AoE
which is nice so the other guys here
have more Skills than I do they play up
four or five skills and I only up with
one alright so this here is called my
phone this is the crystals kind of rare
that we happen to cross it here so we're
all probably gonna gather from it and
the way resources work is you can gather
from them but depending on how high your
love will your gathering is you deplete
the resource than where you gather from
it so the more you pull from it the
longer the cooldown is between poles
I'll also demonstrate building here and
as you can see we're all allied so
they're all gonna help you build this
and as more people get on it you can see
that little construction bar their moves
faster and faster anyway so that's it
for me I hope this gave you a little bit
more insight into the gameplay and i
might post another update later tell
your friends